feat: better csp integrate (#401)
fastify/fastify-swagger: README.md

 | stripBasePath      | true     | Strips base path from routes in docs.                                                                                     |
 | swagger            | {}       | Swagger configuration.                                                                                                    |
 | openapi            | {}       | OpenAPI configuration.                                                                                                    |
 | transform          | null     | Transform method for schema.                                                                                              |
 | uiConfig*          | {}       | Configuration options for [Swagger UI](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-ui/blob/master/docs/usage/configuration.md) |
 | initOAuth          | {}       | Configuration options for [Swagger UI initOAuth](https://swagger.io/docs/open-source-tools/swagger-ui/usage/oauth2/)      |
 | staticCSP          | false    | Enable CSP Header for static resources.                                                                                   |

>  | transformStaticCSP | false    | Transform CSP Header for static resources if exist only.                                                                  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 | transformStaticCSP | undefined    | Synchronous function to transform CSP header for static resources if the header has been previously set.                                                                  | 
```

>  | transformStaticCSP | false    | Transform CSP Header for static resources if exist only.                                                                  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 | transformStaticCSP | false    | Transform CSP header for static resources if exist only.                                                                  | 
```
